c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Assignment11.Droid.dll
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Assignment11.Droid.pdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Assignment11.Droid.Assignment11.Droid.apk
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Assignment11.Droid.Assignment11.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Assignment11.Core.dll
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Binding.dll
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Binding.Droid.dll
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Core.dll
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Droid.dll
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Droid.Shared.dll
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Localization.dll
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.dll
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.Droid.dll
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Assignment11.Core.pdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Binding.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Localization.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\Assignment11.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\Assignment11.Droid.dll
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\Assignment11.Droid.pdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\Assignment11.Droid.Assignment11.Droid.apk
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\splashscreen.xml
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\firstview.xml
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\splashstyle.xml
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\splash.png
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Assignment11.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Assignment11.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.Export.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Assignment11.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Assignment11.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.Export.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Binding.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Localization.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\MvvmCross.Platform.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\dongmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\Users\dongmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\obj\Debug\Assignment11.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\dongmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Assignment11\Assignment11.Droid\bin\Debug\Assignment11.Droid.dll.mdb
